privacy.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Privacy
---
## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. It is our(BangumiN developers, here in after referred to as "we/us/our")
 policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, BangumiN.

We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect
it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re
collecting it and how it will be used.

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested
service. What data we store, we’ll protect within acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as
well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We use Firebase Analytics and Firebase Crashlytics to collect your anonymous usage and crash log
info, please refer to Firebase website for a full list of info it may collect. These info will be
used to improve our services and we won't share any personally identifying information publicly or
with third-parties, except when required to by law.

In order to interact with your data, our service maintains Bangumi authentication (OAuth) tokens and 
Bangumi cookies that allow our app to act "on your behalf" to read and write data. By logging in 
, you authorize us to use these tokens and cookies. These tokens are securely stored and won't
be transferred to our server.

Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no
control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or
liability for their respective privacy policies.

You are free to refuse our request for your personal information by stopping using the app, with
the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.

Your continued use of our app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and
personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal
information, feel free to contact us.

This policy is effective as of 26 May 2019.

<!--
Generated by GetTerms.io
-->

Commit message:

Update data collection and disclosure section.

privacy.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Privacy
---
## Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us. It is our(BangumiN developers, here in after referred to as "we/us/our")
 policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you through our app, BangumiN.

We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect
it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re
collecting it and how it will be used.

We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested
service. What data we store, we’ll protect within acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as
well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.

We use Firebase Analytics and Firebase Crashlytics to collect your anonymous usage and crash log
info, please refer to Firebase website for a full list of info it may collect, these info will be sent to us anonymously, 
however, there is still a theoretical possibility that personally identifiable information is be sent to us(for 
example, due to some technical errors in Firebase). These info will be
used to improve our services and we won't share any personally identifying information publicly or
with third-parties, except when required by law, required by you or in an emergency.

You are free to refuse our request for Firebase Analytics and Firebase Crashlytics info collection by changing your privacy settings 
in the app, or by stopping using the app, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your 
desired services.

In order to interact with your data, our service maintains Bangumi authentication (OAuth) tokens and 
Bangumi cookies that allow our app to act "on your behalf" to read and write data. By logging in 
, you authorize us to use these tokens and cookies. These tokens are securely stored and won't
be transferred to our server.

Our app may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no
control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or
liability for their respective privacy policies.

Your continued use of our app will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and
personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal
information, feel free to contact us.

This policy is effective as of 8 June 2019.

<!--
Generated by GetTerms.io
-->
