---
layout: default
title: Terms of Service
---
## BangumiN Terms of Service

1. Terms

    By accessing our(BangumiN developers, here in after referred to as "we/us/our") app, BangumiN, 
    you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and 
    agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree 
    with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing BangumiN. The materials 
    contained in BangumiN are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Use License

   Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of BangumiN per device for personal,
   non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title,
   and under this license you may not:
   * illegally copy the materials
   * use the materials for any commercial purpose
   * attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained in BangumiN
   * remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials
   * illegally transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server
   
   This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be
   terminated by us at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or
   upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession
   whether in electronic or printed format.
   
3. Authentication
   In order to interact with your data, our service maintains Bangumi authentication (OAuth) tokens and 
   Bangumi cookies that allow our app to act "on your behalf" to read and write data. By logging in 
   , you authorize us to use these tokens and cookies. These tokens are securely stored and won't
   be transferred to our server. 
   You need to provide your email address and password on Bangumi in order to log in. Your email address and password 
   are solely used to authenticate "on your behalf" and cannot be seen by us.

4. Disclaimer

   The materials within BangumiN are provided on an "as is" basis. We make no
   warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including,
   without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
   purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
   
   Further, we do not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy,
   likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to
   such materials or on any sites linked to BangumiN.
   
   Contents in BangumiN may come from Bangumi(https://bgm.tv/about/copyright), we 
   are not aware of contents on Bangumi, and related copyright issues should be redirected to Bangumi.

5. Limitations

   In no event shall us or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including,
   without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising
   out of the use or inability to use BangumiN, even if we or our
   authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
   
   Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of
   liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

6. Accuracy of materials

   The materials appearing in BangumiN could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors.
   We do not warrant that any of the materials on BangumiN are accurate, complete
   or current. We may make changes to the materials contained in BangumiN at any
   time without notice. However we do not make any commitment to update the
   materials.

7. Links

   We has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its app and is not responsible for
   the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by 
   us. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

8. Modifications

   We may revise these terms of service for its app at any time without notice. By
   using BangumiN you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

9. Governing Law

   These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California
   and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

Last modified: 26 May 2019.

<!--
Generated by GetTerms.io
-->
